Documented file naming requirements for manifests - K3s (#3587)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/helm/_index.md

Content placed in `/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/static/` can be accessed anonymously via the Kubernetes APIServer from within the cluster. This URL can be templated using the special variable `%{KUBERNETES_API}%` in the `spec.chart` field. For example, the packaged Traefik component loads its chart from `https://%{KUBERNETES_API}%/static/charts/traefik-1.81.0.tgz`.

> >**Notice on File Naming Requirements:** `HelmChart`, `HelmChartConfig` and manifest files require adherence to naming conventions to avoid confusion and errors in logs. For example, neither uppercase letters nor underscores should be used in chart names. A filename with underscores will produce errors like the following:

Reviewer: I don't think the `A filename...` sentence is accurate because the error message is about `metadata.name` being invalid.

Author: Please see updated verbiage for filename errors.

> >**Notice on File Naming Requirements:** `HelmChart`, `HelmChartConfig` and manifest files require adherence to naming conventions to avoid confusion and errors in logs. The Helm chart controller uses the filename to create objects. Therefore, if a filename doesn’t align with the validation, that will cause an error installing the chart, even if the chart configuration is correct. For example, underscores, uppercase letters, and dots are not permitted in filenames. The example below is an error generated from using underscores:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Notice on File Naming Requirements:** `HelmChart` and `HelmChartConfig` manifest filenames should adhere to Kubernetes object [naming restrictions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/). The Helm Controller uses filenames to create objects, therefore the filename must also align with the restrictions. Any related errors can be observed in the rke2-server logs, the example below is an error generated from using underscores:
```

> >**Notice on File Naming Requirements:** `HelmChart` and `HelmChartConfig` manifest filenames should adhere to Kubernetes object [naming restrictions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/). The Helm Controller uses filenames to create objects; therefore, the filename must also align with the restrictions. Any related errors can be observed in the RKE2-server logs. The example below is an error generated from using underscores:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Notice on File Naming Requirements:** `HelmChart` and `HelmChartConfig` manifest filenames should adhere to Kubernetes object [naming restrictions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/). The Helm Controller uses filenames to create objects; therefore, the filename must also align with the restrictions. Any related errors can be observed in the rke2-server logs. The example below is an error generated from using underscores:
```

Author: Hi, I revised this under #3606. Thanks for you help on this one!

level=error msg="Failed to process config: failed to process 
/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rke2_ingress_daemonset.yaml: 
Addon.k3s.cattle.io \"rke2_ingress_daemonset\" is invalid: metadata.name: 
Invalid value: \"rke2_ingress_daemonset\": a lowercase RFC 1123 subdomain 
must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters, '-' or '.', and must 
start and end with an alphanumeric character (e.g. 'example.com', regex 
used for validation is '[a-z0-9]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?(\\.[a-z0-9]
([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?)*')"
```

> To learn more about best practices on chart naming conventions, go [here](https://v2-14-0.helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/#chart-names).

Reviewer: The link says `Dots should not be used in chart names.` which contradicts the `must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters, '-' or '.'` bit from the error message. May be best to check with the team on what they use for validation.

Also, we should point to Helm 3 docs for any reference links. Helm 2 is quite outdated.

> >**Note:** Despite the error message stating dots can be used, they should not be. Refer [here](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/conventions/#chart-names) to learn more about best practices on file naming conventions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The `name` field should follow the Helm chart naming conventions. Refer [here](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/conventions/#chart-names) to learn more.
```

Added suggestion to clarify this is for the helm chart naming, perhaps it could be moved higher to relate more to the field definitions table (where the `name` field is mentioned).
